The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
We need to rent a room for our party.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
The lake is a long way from here.
This is a Japanese doll.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
She was too short to see over the fence.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
I want more detailed information.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
Mary plays the piano.
She did her best to help him.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
Please wait outside of the house.
Two seats were vacant.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
We have a lot of rain in June.
I am never at home on Sundays.
Don't step on the broken glass.
She advised him to come back at once.
Let me help you with your baggage.
The book is in front of the table.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
The stranger officiates the meal.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
A glittering gem is not enough.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
The old apple revels in its authority.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
The river stole the gods.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
Sometimes I stare at a door or a wall and I wonder what is this reality, why am I alive, and what is this all about?
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.
It must be five o'clock somewhere.
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.
That was how he came to win $1 million.
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.
There should have been a time and a place, but this wasn't it.
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.
There's an art to getting your way, and spitting olive pits across the table isn't it.
They say that dogs are man's best friend, but this cat was setting out to sabotage that theory.
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.
She can live her life however she wants as long as she listens to what I have to say.
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
Not all people who wander are lost.
The knives were out and she was sharpening hers.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
Don't piss in my garden and tell me you're trying to help my plants grow.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
Two more days and all his problems would be solved.
Love is not like pizza.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
He fumbled in the darkness looking for the light switch, but when he finally found it there was someone already there.
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.
You can't compare apples and oranges, but what about bananas and plantains?
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
He swore he just saw his sushi move.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
The sun had set and so had his dreams.
He learned the important lesson that a picnic at the beach on a windy day is a bad idea.
Be careful with that butter knife.
He didn't heed the warning and it had turned out surprisingly well.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
She let the balloon float up into the air with her hopes and dreams.
his seven-layer cake only had six layers.
There was coal in his stocking and he was thrilled.
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.
So long and thanks for the fish.
The random sentence generator generated a random sentence about a random sentence.
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him.
Three generations with six decades of life experience.
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
The secret ingredient to his wonderful life was crime.
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.
The fact that there's a stairway to heaven and a highway to hell explains life well.
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
This made him feel like an old-style rootbeer float smells.
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars, both physical and mental, to prove it.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.
The fox in the tophat whispered into the ear of the rabbit.
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.
Everyone says they love nature until they realize how dangerous she can be.
He was willing to find the depths of the rabbit hole in order to be with her.
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.
They ran around the corner to find that they had traveled back in time.
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.
In that instant, everything changed.
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.
Random words in front of other random words create a random sentence.
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.
It caught him off guard that space smelled of seared steak.
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
She found his complete dullness interesting.
The efficiency we have at removing trash has made creating trash more acceptable.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.
It was the scarcity that fueled his creativity.
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.
If any cop asks you where you were, just say you were visiting Kansas.
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
Potato wedges probably are not best for relationships.
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
You've been eyeing me all day and waiting for your move like a lion stalking a gazelle in a savannah.
It's not often you find a soggy banana on the street.
As you consider all the possible ways to improve yourself and the world, you notice John Travolta seems fairly unhappy.
I purchased a baby clown from the Russian terrorist black market.
You realize you're not alone as you sit in your bedroom massaging your calves after a long day of playing tug-of-war with Grandpa Joe in the hospital.
You're unsure whether or not to trust him, but very thankful that you wore a turtle neck.
Your girlfriend bought your favorite cookie crisp cereal but forgot to get milk.
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.
If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
I ate a sock because people on the Internet told me to.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
Choosing to do nothing is still a choice, after all.
He was so preoccupied with whether or not he could that he failed to stop to consider if he should.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
