On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?
He's in a boy band which doesn't make much sense for a snake.
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.
When nobody is around, the trees gossip about the people who have walked under them.
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.
He realized there had been several deaths on this road, but his concern rose when he saw the exact number.
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
Peanut butter and jelly caused the elderly lady to think about her past.
He set out for a short walk, but now all he could see were mangroves and water were for miles.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
The Tsunami wave crashed against the raised houses and broke the pilings as if they were toothpicks.
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
The thick foliage and intertwined vines made the hike nearly impossible.
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.
The urgent care center was flooded with patients after the news of a new deadly virus was made public.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
The wake behind the boat told of the past while the open sea for told life in the unknown future.
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.
Thigh-high in the water, the fisherman’s hope for dinner soon turned to despair.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
Courage and stupidity were all he had.
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
As the years pass by, we all know owners look more and more like their dogs.
In hopes of finding out the truth, he entered the one-room library.
As he entered the church he could hear the soft voice of someone whispering into a cell phone.
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.
He had concluded that pigs must be able to fly in Hog Heaven.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
Car safety systems have come a long way, but he was out to prove they could be outsmarted.
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
The tart lemonade quenched her thirst, but not her longing.
He was the type of guy who liked Christmas lights on his house in the middle of July.
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
Whenever he saw a red flag warning at the beach he grabbed his surfboard.
Twin 4-month-olds slept in the shade of the palm tree while the mother tanned in the sun.
He always wore his sunglasses at night.
The three-year-old girl ran down the beach as the kite flew behind her.
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.
Her scream silenced the rowdy teenagers.
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.
The view from the lighthouse excited even the most seasoned traveler.
He wondered if she would appreciate his toenail collection.
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.
His son quipped that power bars were nothing more than adult candy bars.
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.
She wasn't sure whether to be impressed or concerned that he folded underwear in neat little packages.
When she didn’t like a guy who was trying to pick her up, she started using sign language.
The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.
She wondered what his eyes were saying beneath his mirrored sunglasses.
The ants enjoyed the barbecue more than the family.
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.
When he had to picnic on the beach, he purposely put sand in other people’s food.
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.
He walked into the basement with the horror movie from the night before playing in his head.
She saw the brake lights, but not in time.
No matter how beautiful the sunset, it saddened her knowing she was one day older.
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
For the 216th time, he said he would quit drinking soda after this last Coke.
Lucifer was surprised at the amount of life at Death Valley.
It had been sixteen days since the zombies first attacked.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
She had the gift of being able to paint songs.
Carol drank the blood as if she were a vampire.
He drank life before spitting it out.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.
Greetings from the real universe.
There's a message for you if you look up.
He found the chocolate covered roaches quite tasty.
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.
She tilted her head back and let whip cream stream into her mouth while taking a bath.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
It was her first experience training a rainbow unicorn.
He uses onomatopoeia as a weapon of mental destruction.
Weather is not trivial - it's especially important when you're standing in it.
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.
It's a skateboarding penguin with a sunhat!
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.
We will not allow you to bring your pet armadillo along.
When he encountered maize for the first time, he thought it incredibly corny.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
Just go ahead and press that button.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
My dentist tells me that chewing bricks is very bad for your teeth.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
She is never happy until she finds something to be unhappy about; then, she is overjoyed.
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.
I love bacon, beer, birds, and baboons.
I come from a tribe of head-hunters, so I will never need a shrink.
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.
This book is sure to liquefy your brain.
People who insist on picking their teeth with their elbows are so annoying!
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
Improve your goldfish's physical fitness by getting him a bicycle.
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.
Pair your designer cowboy hat with scuba gear for a memorable occasion.
For oil spots on the floor, nothing beats parking a motorbike in the lounge.
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.
Nothing is as cautiously cuddly as a pet porcupine.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
Iron pyrite is the most foolish of all minerals.
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
He is no James Bond; his name is Roger Moore.
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
Hit me with your pet shark!
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
She cried diamonds.
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.
Erin accidentally created a new universe.
The door slammed on the watermelon.
Eating eggs on Thursday for choir practice was recommended.
Pink horses galloped across the sea.
Flying fish few by the space station.
He colored deep space a soft yellow.
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.
It didn't make sense unless you had the power to eat colors.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.
Pat ordered a ghost pepper pie.
You have every right to be angry, but that doesn't give you the right to be mean.
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.
The skeleton had skeletons of his own in the closet.
Even with the snow falling outside, she felt it appropriate to wear her bikini.
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.
Doris enjoyed tapping her nails on the table to annoy everyone.
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.
When money was tight, he'd get his lunch money from the local wishing well.
The father died during childbirth.
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
I covered my friend in baby oil.
Art doesn't have to be intentional.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
We should play with legos at camp.
I’m a living furnace.
Please tell me you don't work in a morgue.
We have young kids who often walk into our room at night for various reasons including clowns in the closet.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
You bite up because of your lower jaw.
