Most shark attacks occur about 10 feet from the beach since that's where the people are.
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.
I'm a great listener, really good with empathy vs sympathy and all that, but I hate people.
He excelled at firing people nicely.
When I cook spaghetti, I like to boil it a few minutes past al dente so the noodles are super slippery.
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.
The door swung open to reveal pink giraffes and red elephants.
She traveled because it cost the same as therapy and was a lot more enjoyable.
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
His ultimate dream fantasy consisted of being content and sleeping eight hours in a row.
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.
There aren't enough towels in the world to stop the sewage flowing from his mouth.
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.
Chocolate covered crickets were his favorite snack.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
His mind was blown that there was nothing in space except space itself.
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.
It took him a month to finish the meal.
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.
Having no hair made him look even hairier.
He poured rocks in the dungeon of his mind.
The blue parrot drove by the hitchhiking mongoose.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
He shaved the peach to prove a point.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
It's difficult to understand the lengths he'd go to remain short.
He created a pig burger out of beef.
His thought process was on so many levels that he gave himself a phobia of heights.
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.
There were three sphered rocks congregating in a cubed room.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.
He had decided to accept his fate of accepting his fate.
The clouds formed beautiful animals in the sky that eventually created a tornado to wreak havoc.
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.
He picked up trash in his spare time to dump in his neighbor's yard.
The fish dreamed of escaping the fishbowl and into the toilet where he saw his friend go.
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.
Greetings from the galaxy MACS0647-JD, or what we call home.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.
Although it wasn't a pot of gold, Nancy was still enthralled at what she found at the end of the rainbow.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.
He loved eating his bananas in hot dog buns.
Thirty years later, she still thought it was okay to put the toilet paper roll under rather than over.
Facing his greatest fear, he ate his first marshmallow.
He found his art never progressed when he literally used his sweat and tears.
Nancy was proud that she ran a tight shipwreck.
It took him a while to realize that everything he decided not to change, he was actually choosing.
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.
Jason lived his life by the motto, "Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly.
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.
Gary didn't understand why Doug went upstairs to get one dollar bills when he invited him to go cow tipping.
The beach was crowded with snow leopards.
As the asteroid hurtled toward earth, Becky was upset her dentist appointment had been canceled.
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.
The white water rafting trip was suddenly halted by the unexpected brick wall.
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.
He knew it was going to be a bad day when he saw mountain lions roaming the streets.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
He kept telling himself that one day it would all somehow make sense.
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.
While all her friends were positive that Mary had a sixth sense, she knew she actually had a seventh sense.
He had a wall full of masks so she could wear a different face every day.
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.
There have been days when I wished to be separated from my body, but today wasn’t one of those days.
To the surprise of everyone, the Rapture happened yesterday but it didn't quite go as expected.
The bullet pierced the window shattering it before missing Danny's head by mere millimeters.
The complicated school homework left the parents trying to help their kids quite confused.
Too many prisons have become early coffins.
The external scars tell only part of the story.
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.
The hummingbird's wings blurred while it eagerly sipped the sugar water from the feeder.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
Watching the geriatric men’s softball team brought back memories of 3 yr olds playing t-ball.
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.
He strives to keep the best lawn in the neighborhood.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
The sunblock was handed to the girl before practice, but the burned skin was proof she did not apply it.
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
The team members were hard to tell apart since they all wore their hair in a ponytail.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.
Traveling became almost extinct during the pandemic.
It was obvious she was hot, sweaty, and tired.
The Great Dane looked more like a horse than a dog.
He played the game as if his life depended on it and the truth was that it did.
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
He went on a whiskey diet and immediately lost three days.
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.
The tree fell unexpectedly short.
Tomorrow will bring something new, so leave today as a memory.
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.
Today is the day I'll finally know what brick tastes like.
Today we gathered moss for my uncle's wedding.
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.
He appeared to be confusingly perplexed.
She thought there'd be sufficient time if she hid her watch.
You'll see the rainbow bridge after it rains cats and dogs.
A dead duck doesn't fly backward.
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.
Green should have smelled more tranquil, but somehow it just tasted rotten.
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.
Warm beer on a cold day isn't my idea of fun.
Honestly, I didn't care much for the first season, so I didn't bother with the second.
The light that burns twice as bright burns half as long.
I liked their first two albums but changed my mind after that charity gig.
They improved dramatically once the lead singer left.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
I want a giraffe, but I'm a turtle eating waffles.
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.
When he asked her favorite number, she answered without hesitation that it was diamonds.
My biggest joy is roasting almonds while stalking prey.
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.
It was the first time he had ever seen someone cook dinner on an elephant.
Purple is the best city in the forest.
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.
He decided to count all the sand on the beach as a hobby.
My uncle's favorite pastime was building cars out of noodles.
The best part of marriage is animal crackers with peanut butter.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.
Baby wipes are made of chocolate stardust.
Best friends are like old tomatoes and shoelaces.
Situps are a terrible way to end your day.
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.
Waffles are always better without fire ants and fleas.
The bird had a belief that it was really a groundhog.
Jenny made the announcement that her baby was an alien.
He felt that dining on the bridge brought romance to his relationship with his cat.
She wanted to be rescued, but only if it was Tuesday and raining.
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.
Everyone pretends to like wheat until you mention barley.
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.
He was the only member of the club who didn't like plum pudding.
You should never take advice from someone who thinks red paint dries quicker than blue paint.
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.
It isn't true that my mattress is made of cotton candy.
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.
Mr. Montoya knows the way to the bakery even though he's never been there.
